README.md, before:

# pthash-rs

Rust bindings for [PTHash](https://github.com/jermp/pthash), a C++ library implementing
perfect-hash functions using:

* Giulio Ermanno Pibiri and Roberto Trani. [*"PTHash: Revisiting FCH Minimal Perfect Hashing"*](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3404835.3462849). In Proceedings of the 44th International
Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval (SIGIR). 2021.
* Giulio Ermanno Pibiri and Roberto Trani. [*"Parallel and External-Memory Construction of Minimal Perfect Hash Functions with PTHash"*](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10210677). Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE). 2023.

# Example

```
use pthash::*;

let temp_dir = tempfile::tempdir().unwrap();
let mut config = BuildConfiguration::new(temp_dir.path().to_owned());

let keys: Vec<&[u8]> = vec!["abc".as_bytes(), "def".as_bytes(), "ghikl".as_bytes()];

let mut f = SinglePhf_Minimal::<MurmurHash2_64, DictionaryDictionary>::new();
f.build_in_internal_memory_from_bytes(&keys, &config).expect("Failed to build");

// Hashes are unique
let mut hashes: Vec<u64> = keys.iter().map(|key| f.hash(key)).collect();
hashes.sort();
assert_eq!(hashes, vec![0, 1, 2]);

// Hashing an object that wasn't provided when building the function collides
assert!(f.hash(b"not_a_key".as_bytes()) < 3);
```

Commit message:

Document type shenanigans and Cargo.toml features

README.md, after:

# pthash-rs

Rust bindings for [PTHash](https://github.com/jermp/pthash), a C++ library implementing
perfect-hash functions using:

* Giulio Ermanno Pibiri and Roberto Trani. [*"PTHash: Revisiting FCH Minimal Perfect Hashing"*](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3404835.3462849). In Proceedings of the 44th International
Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval (SIGIR). 2021.
* Giulio Ermanno Pibiri and Roberto Trani. [*"Parallel and External-Memory Construction of Minimal Perfect Hash Functions with PTHash"*](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10210677). Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE). 2023.

## Internal code structure

Due to C++ templates being closer to macros than to Rust generics, every possible instantiation
of type parameters of the Rust struct needs to be mapped to a concrete C++ class.

This is invisible when using the crate, but means only hash algorithms and encoders
explicitly allowed by this crate can be used.
Additionally, the allow list can be adjusted through features to cut down on
the combinatorial explosion of template instantiations and linking with Rust types;
see `Cargo.toml` for details.

## Example

```
use pthash::*;

let temp_dir = tempfile::tempdir().unwrap();
let mut config = BuildConfiguration::new(temp_dir.path().to_owned());

let keys: Vec<&[u8]> = vec!["abc".as_bytes(), "def".as_bytes(), "ghikl".as_bytes()];

let mut f = SinglePhf_Minimal::<MurmurHash2_64, DictionaryDictionary>::new();
f.build_in_internal_memory_from_bytes(&keys, &config).expect("Failed to build");

// Hashes are unique
let mut hashes: Vec<u64> = keys.iter().map(|key| f.hash(key)).collect();
hashes.sort();
assert_eq!(hashes, vec![0, 1, 2]);

// Hashing an object that wasn't provided when building the function collides
assert!(f.hash(b"not_a_key".as_bytes()) < 3);
```
